[Outlook] (shared mailbox) Update add-in behavior in Outlook on the web (#4328)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/outlook/delegate-access.md

#### Shared mailboxes

A shared mailbox allows a group of users to easily monitor and send messages and meeting invites using a shared email address. In Outlook on the web, a shared mailbox can be opened in the same panel as a user's primary mailbox or in a separate browser tab or window. For guidance, see [Open and use a shared mailbox in Outlook on the web](https://support.microsoft.com/office/98b5a90d-4e38-415d-a030-f09a4cd28207).

When a shared mailbox is opened in the same panel as a user's primary mailbox, the type of add-ins that are accessible from the shared mailbox differs between compose and read modes.

- In compose mode, all add-ins deployed by an organization's administrator are available for use from the shared mailbox.

> - In read mode, only add-ins that have the [SupportsSharedFiles manifest element](#configure-the-manifest) configured to `true` are available for use from the shared mailbox.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In read mode, only add-ins configured in the manifest to support shared files are available for use from the shared mailbox. For instructions on how to do this for either the XML manifest or the unified manifest, see [Enable shared folders and shared mailbox scenarios in an Outlook add-in - Configure the manifest](delegate-access.md#configure-the-manifest).
```

Author: Thanks for catching that!

When a shared mailbox is opened in a separate browser tab or window, only add-ins that meet the following criteria are available for use from the shared mailbox.

> - The add-in has the [SupportsSharedFiles manifest element](#configure-the-manifest) configured to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The add-in configured in the manifest to support shared files. For instructions on how to do this for either the XML manifest or the unified manifest, see [Enable shared folders and shared mailbox scenarios in an Outlook add-in - Configure the manifest](delegate-access.md#configure-the-manifest).
```
